---
layout: post
title:  "New Job"
date:   2016-08-22 15:08:10 -0500
img: /img/BLOG-image-apprentices.jpg
category: Jobs
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
Skilled fabricator welders to work in our workshop based in Goole.<!--more-->

Our client is a prestigious market leading company with extensive UK and overseas projects within the entertainment industry.



Our Requirement:

We are looking for time served fabricator welders to strengthen and develop our clients workforce/ team, but would also be happy to look at newly qualified apprentices with hunger and enthusiasm.



Candidates need to be reliable well mannered, hard-working and flexible willing to work overtime as and when the business requires.



We are looking for team players and open minded people who are willing to work alongside other departments to meet project requirements.



Required skills and experience:

* Ability to fabricate and weld to a high standard and work to tight tolerances

* Ability to read from CAD drawings

* Previous working knowledge of both heavy and light gauge and steel fabrication.

* Experience in MIG welding thick and thin steel box section to structural steel.

* Experience in TIG welding aluminium and stainless steel is an advantage but not essential.

* Working knowledge of metal working machinery and equipment

* Good knowledge of English and Maths.

* Minimum NVQ Level 3 or equivalent.

Rates of pay:

Days: £12.00 per hour for basic hours, £14.00 per hour for overtime during the week and Saturday's and £16.00 per hour for Sunday's



Nights: £14.00 per hour for basic hours, £16.00 per hour for overtime during the week and Saturday's and £18.00 per hour for Sunday's.
